Kiwi’s support live music better than anywhere else in the world. We love playing at home and we’d love to see more international acts play shows of this scale all around the motu. We cannot wait to see you all at SIX60 Saturdays The Stadium Tour” – SIX60
Ireland eventually ended a 111-Year wait for a victory at Soldier Field, Chicago with a 40-29 win on 5 November 2016. On 17 November 2018, Ireland beat New Zealand 16-9 at the Aviva Stadium, Dublin to record their first ever home win against the All Blacks. During the Autumn Nations Series of 2021, Ireland defeated New Zealand 29–20 at home to record their third win in five against the All Blacks. 
Top Gun: Maverick is a 2022 American action drama film directed by Joseph Kosinski. It is the sequel to the 1986 film TOP GUN and the second installment in the Top Gun Film Series. Written by Ehren Kruger, Eric Williams, Eric Warren Singer and Christopher McQuarrie, the film is based on stories by Peter Craig and Justin Marks. 
Bullet Train is a 2022 American Action Comedy thriller film directed by David Leitch from a screenplay by Zak Olkewicz, and produced by Antoine Fuqua , who initially conceived the film. It is based on the 2010 novel Maria Bettle (titled Bullet Train in its UK and US edition) by Kotaro Isaka , the second novel in Isaka's  Three Assassins trilogy, the first novel having previously been adapted as the 2015 film Grasshopper.
Blonde is a 2022 American biographical drama written and directed by Andrew Dominik, and the second adaptation, with the same name, based on the 2000 novel of the same name by Joyce carol Oates. The film is a fictionalized take on the life and career of American actress Marilyn Monroe, played by Ana de Armas. 
The band reunited in 2016 for a ‘Not in this Lifetime…’ tour, wowing more than 31,000 fans in the very same venue. The crowd weren’t the only ones blown away. Duff McKagan tweeted after their last show, “Holy HELL Wellington! Where you been all my life? In the rain and wind, you all showed what this town is made of.Expect a solid line up of stadium-busting songs, with Welcome to the Jungle.
India will arrive in New Zealand at the conclusion of the world cup to play the BLACKCAPS in three T20s at Wellington, Tauranga and Napier, and three ODIs at Auckland, Hamilton and Christchurch.Both series are likely to be hard-fought. India is currently the No.1-ranked T20 side in the world while the BLACKCAPS are the No.1-ranked ODI side.
In 2007, professional football in New Zealand was rescued when Wellington property developer Terry Serepisos and Century City Football secured a three-year sub-licence to run a team in the Hyundai A-League – Australasia’s premier professional football competition. After the Football Kingz (2005/06) and the New Zealand Knights (2006/07) imploded
After their grandmother passes away, a child suspects they are being pursued by the smoke demon shapeshifter of the old woman’s stories. In the tradition of spirited away and Caroline, the Griegol is a mythic, gorgeously rendered dark fantasy for a brave child and loves of the atmospheric theatre. 
Ticket to Paradise is a 2022 romantic comedy film starring George Clooney and Julia Roberts as a divorced couple who team up to sabotage the impending wedding of their daughter. The film is directed by Ol Parker and written by Parker and Daniel Pipski, while Kaitlyn Dever, Billie Lourd, Maximd Bouttier, Lucas Bravo also star.